A wide, dusty plain. Two cylinder cowboys face each other across the street.
The camera glides to a three-quarter view, revealing distance and tension.
A whisper of wind skims the ground—thin lines of dust cut across the frame.
Enter the tumbleweed: a lone sphere rolling in from the left.
Its spin matches the slide, like a wheel on sand, crossing the gap between rivals.
Push-in to the left cowboy. His arm dips toward the holster—deliberate, controlled.
Silence. Dust hangs. The brim casts a sharp shadow across a cylindrical brow.
Cut to the right cowboy. A subtle hat tilt; a boot taps the earth.
The camera breathes out—back to the wide frame, street stretching like a ruler.
Another gust lines the ground with streaks. The sun bakes the scene to stillness.
The tumbleweed exits frame, its path a clean arc across the foreground.
We drift into a slow orbit, measuring the standoff from new angles.
Cylinders stack into silhouettes: brim, crown, head, torso, holster, boots.
The street is a flat plane; the duel, a line. Nothing moves—but everything could.
Hold on the pose. The quiet hums. Cut when you feel the dust stop falling.